Update scaling term (#730)
bitcoin-core/bitcoincore.org: _posts/en/posts/2016-10-28-segwit-costs.md

Many of the benefits of segwit could logically be separated into independent changes, and evaluated and deployed separately. The implementation requirements for the various features are, however, closely related:

 * Quadratic scaling of sighash operations: the CHECKSIG and CHECKMULTISIG opcodes need replacement.

>  * Non-signing of input values: the CHECKSIG and CHECKMULTISIG opcodes need replacement.

Reviewer: I don't think these should be changed.  The text before the colon describes the segwit feature being implemented (linear sig hashing, signing input values, 128-bit collision resistance for multiparty multisig, and more script upgrade paths); the text after the colon describes the change that needs to be made to the protocol.

Author: Good point, updated it

>  * Quadratic scaling of sighash operations: the CHECKSIG and CHECKMULTISIG opcodes need replacement.
>  * Non-signing of input values: the CHECKSIG and CHECKMULTISIG opcodes need replacement.

Author: ```suggestion
 * Linear scaling of sighash operations: the CHECKSIG and CHECKMULTISIG opcodes need replacement.
 * Signing of input values: the CHECKSIG and CHECKMULTISIG opcodes need replacement.
```
